Feature/sdl 0264 separating the change of audible status and the change of hmi status (#245)
smartdevicelink/sdl_hmi_integration_guidelines: docs/BasicCommunication/OnEventChanged/index.md

#### PHONE_CALL

!!! MUST
1. Change audioStreamingState to NOT_AUDIBLE for all apps (keep hmiLevel) when active call on HMI has been started.

> 2. Send notification with appropriate parameter value when the event ends.

Reviewer: I would just remove point 2 in the original, no need to rewrite most of this section
```
1. Send notification with appropriate parameter value when active call on HMI has been started/ended.

2. Resume the applications to their original audio streaming state prior to the phone call event in the HMI when the event ends (see note below).
```

Reviewer 2: We think there is no problem to modify according to your suggestion.

!!!

!!! NOTE

> - SDL does not send BC.ActivateApp or BC.OnResumeAudioSource to HMI after the phone call is ended.
> 
> - If HU wants to switch the screen (HMIStatus) during PHONE_CALL, they can use API `BC.OnAppDeactivated (AppID)` and `BC.OnAppActivated (AppID)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the HMI wants to leave the app screen when the PHONE_CALL event occurs, the app's HMI state can be changed accordingly using the `BC.OnAppDeactivated(appID)` and `BC.OnAppActivated(appID)` notifications.
```

Reviewer 2: We think there is no problem to modify according to your suggestion.

!!!

Upon receiving `OnEventChanged(PHONE_CALL)`, SDL will:

|isActive|Result|
|:-------|:-----|

> |true|Keep the HMI state of all applications but change audible state of all applications to NOT_AUDIBLE|

Reviewer 2: Sorry for late response.
We should confirm.
It is possible for us to modify the sentence according to your suggestion.
However, it is agreed by Shala -san, JackLivio -san, and Kawano -san. 
Is there any problem to change it?
